What's up everybody? Welcome to this
video. I have the great privilege and
pleasure of introducing you to our
instructor for our account-based
marketing course, Isaac Wear, who is the
director of demand generation at User
Gems. Welcome.
>> Great to be here. It was a blast.
>> We just cranked out a amazing course for
you guys. Four modules, 14 lessons, all
around how to actually build your ABM
program from the ground up and get buyin
from leadership. Now Isaac, I want to
just take the students back here, kind
of give them some background on you and
like how you got here and everything. So
why don't we just start out with the
very beginning. How did you even get
into B2B in the first place?
>> Yeah. So I started out at an uh I
started out at an agency where we didn't
ever niche down into any one vertical or
industry or anything like that. So we
focused on ecom and B2B and B TOC and
all over the place. And and one of the
things I started learning over my time
there is how much I enjoyed the B2B
portion of marketing. A lot of the time
they had bigger budgets. They had more
allowance for longer sales cycles. Um
and they more they more aligned with how
I wanted to approach marketing. A lot of
ecom side of things for me was to um
launching ads or trying to get those
conversions as fast as possible.
Day-to-day dips really impacted things
where with B2B there was more allowance
for some of those dips and fluctuations
in the market. um and more of a holistic
strategic approach to marketing um than
what I was seeing at a lot of the the
other companies.
>> Gotcha. And I know we just cranked out a
course on ABM and you know of all the
topics in the world that you could
potentially cover because there's a lot
of different facets in what you do
personally, right? In terms of marketing
and all the disciplines you hit on, why
ABM?
>> I think ABM is the is the biggest
upgrade to somebody's marketing career.
Um, for me, when I was at the agency, I
was really focused in on how to execute
this specific ad and how to do really
technical things and it's a great skill
set to have because it plays into
something like an ABM program. Um, but
as I started to level up my career, I
wanted to be involved more on like the
revenue side. I want to be involved with
sales and CS and I wanted to tie
everything together and that's what ABM
does. Um, you're really tying together
all the different aspects. It's more of
a team effort around specific accounts.
Um, I think it's one of the best skills
you can have because no matter if you
have a small budget, you can really
focus in on a few accounts. If you have
a large budget, you can scale these
programs to where we have where we're
doing 600 plus one to one campaigns
every single quarter.
>> Um, we started this one four years ago.
Um, and we were running it to 1020
accounts and we built it, built it,
built it.
>> Yeah. Just piece by piece by piece
getting that buy in along the way. So 10
to 20. Fast forward today, you're doing
600 a quarter.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. It's incredible. Wait till you
guys see on the measurement side on how
they approach measurement and reporting.
It's like it's such a paradigm shift uh
in terms of like how to see the whole
program and actually build it from the
ground up. So you you you highlighted I
want to double click on something you
said there. You're like the shortcut to
someone's marketing career like to be
able to uplevel them right the next in
terms of advancing it. Do you see a paid
advertiser, demanded marketer, just a
marketer in general, they, you know,
they start in a paid ads discipline,
they then transition to ABM. Do you see
that as like a pathway to a CMO role?
>> I think it's a pathway in a way, and it
really depends on what you want to do
with your career. Um, some people don't
want to go past director level once they
get there. Um, it's something that I've
examined with my own career over time
is, uh, initially I was like, "Yeah, I
want to shoot for CMO as quick as
possible." And then the more and more I
I build programs and learn more and work
with differentiz teams, the more I've
looked at it and said maybe I like this
subset or maybe I like up to 200
employees and I like building out these
programs when they're fresh instead of
inheriting everybody else's problems.
There's a lot of things you have to look
at when you go forward. I think a ABM is
a good um segue into something like that
and making that decision because it does
pull you out of in the weeds strategic
execution only into more holistic
revenue strategy with the rest of the
revenue team gives you more eyes into
other departments what you like doing
who you like working with you might get
done with building this ABM program and
decide you don't really like working
with BDRs possibly is something I run
into a lot um so it's a good segue way.
It uses the skills you've learned in the
other ad conversion classes um or
courses. So, you've learned LinkedIn
ads. It's a great segue into building an
ABM program because again, it's just one
of the small channels that are a part of
that program. I love it. All right,
Isaac, final question. What are the top
takeaways if if any like what are the
the biggest things that you hope a
student watching this course gets after
completing it?
>> I would think it's just a different view
of looking at marketing. think when I
was when I was at that level where
you're learning paid, you're learning
all these little pieces. I hope it
really puts it all together for you um
into something where you can see this as
a structure or a template for something
that you create on your own. Um I
mentioned it a couple times in the
course of different variations of this.
I know ABM marketers that don't touch
paid media at all. I know people that
focus on events as a channel through for
a for ABM. Um take it and make it your
own. um use what you've learned in the
other courses with this and kind of
combine it and and see what you can do
with it.
>> I love it. I can't wait for you guys to
dive in. I have no doubt that you're
going to find absolute pure gold and
value from it. Isaac does an amazing job
at really breaking down a complex topic
really systematically step by step all
the way up. And I think ABM is one of
the most contentious topics in B2B where
everyone has an opinion and no one has
clear insight and direction on hey you
start here then you go here then you go
there and so on and so forth. There's
like so many different takes on the same
thing. And I think you did a really good
job at just making it really digestible
and allowing somebody to see all the
different moving parts. So we're very
much looking forward to your feedback. I
have no doubt you're going to find value
from the course. Like all of our courses
here at Conversion, if you like it,
please help us spread the word. Like,
share, leave us a testimonial, and we'll
see you on the other side of the course.
Take care.